Miscellaneous fixes for absolute timestamp/ fixed schedule mode (#271)
triton-inference-server/perf_analyzer: genai-perf/README.md

Reviewer: (responding in a file so a thread can be used)

> @dyastremsky I started to review then noticed this pull request got a lot bigger. Was that intentional or did some other changes get pulled into it?
> 
> I'll wait to review until you confirm it's ready for review.

This PR's compare branch ([lkomali-request-timing-miscellaneous-fix](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/perf_analyzer/tree/lkomali-request-timing-miscellaneous-fix)) needs to be rebased onto its base branch ([feature-request-level-timing](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/perf_analyzer/tree/feature-request-level-timing)).

(default: `None`)

##### `--input-file <path>`

> The input file or directory for profiling. Each line should be a JSON object with a `text` or `image` field

Author: I have to check

> The input file or directory for profiling. Each line should be a JSON object with a `text` or `image` field

Author: For now I have formatted to have <=80 characters per line. 
I will shorten the description as per your suggestion below.

in JSONL format. Example: `{"text": "Your prompt here"}`. To use synthetic files, prefix with `synthetic:` followed by
a comma-separated list of filenames without extensions (Example: `synthetic:queries,passages`).

> To use a payload file with a fixed schedule workload, prefix with `payload:` followed by the filename (Example: `payload:input.jsonl`).

Reviewer 2: Again, I'd love for you and @debermudez to chat a bit about this design. My gut says that we should move all this overloading to a tutorial somewhere. Like just mention the base case, but then have tutorials on how to use synthetic and payload for those specific use cases. I appreciate you shortening this, but I think we need it to only have the general case to be simpler for a casual user.

Reviewer 3: This has always felt like a not intuitive way to pass these args. I have never really felt this approach was ergonomic and I think we are just piling on here when we should take a step back and redesign the way we pass these arguments. 
 I think this goes away entirely when we swap to using a configuration file because it is more flexible but I need to review it. I think our time is better spent getting this feature done and revisiting after the configuration file introduction instead of a new document that is not going to be valid in 4-6 weeks. 
That is my personal take but im open to other approaches.

Reviewer 2: Are we no longer going to have arg descriptions with the configuration file approach? And is that going to be the only way of feeding args now?

Reviewer 3: That is a good point.
So the ask is to highlight the various options and link to a tutorial doc rather than having the explanation here?

Reviewer 2: It was. It's not a must, just that I'd rather the special options be highlighted in the associated tutorials (e.g. for synthetic payloads, for timing strategy files, etc.). Otherwise, it'll be confusing for the user.

Having these here is helpful as a developer to remember these options exist, but perhaps we switch that to a comment. Or we ultimately clean it up to be more commonsense for GA, e.g. having two arguments: --input-file-type and --input-file.

comma-separated list of filenames. The synthetic filenames should not have
extensions. For example, 'synthetic:queries,passages'.
(default: `None`)

> To use payload file for fixed schedule workload, prefix the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use a payload file with a fixed schedule workload, prefix the
```

> path with 'payload:', followed by the filename. The payload filename should not

Reviewer 2: Why should it not have an extension? Is there a way to auto-detect the extension and remove it programmatically? To make usability better.

Author: the code is appending `.jsonl` extension to the filename. As far as I understand, the requirement is the file should be in `jsonl` format.  So I think, that's why if the user gives a filename, .jsonl is being appended in `infer_prompt_source` method in `parser.py`.
Let me know if we should allow user specifying the extension or I should update README to make sure users create jsonl files only.

Reviewer 2: I think the description saying each lines should be a JSON object makes it a JSONL file by definition, assuming we don't rely on the JSONL file extension, which it sounds like we do. I don't think we should... but the quickest solutio would be specifying that the input file(s) is/are JSONL files.

Also, this should be before the default arg value. Generally, I think we need to update this description. It's too long. Do you or @debermudez have thoughts on this? I think it was expedient to overload it once with synthetic, but now we have two different possible prefixes and a very long description. We should shorten the description and redirect to documentation somewhere else that's clearer on how to use these.

Reviewer 2: I'll review this. When you're rebasing, could you try to find ways to squash and use merge commits where possible? Otherwise I need to review the file from scratch, since I can't just see the lines that were modified in the latest commit(s).
